Now let's look at the task bar.
By the way, if you're thinking, Tim, aren't you going to show us any of this?
I absolutely am.
In each module, I'll have two to four demos.
In this module, I have two.
What I'm doing is chunking them up.
So I'll go through some features and then we'll do a
demo and cover those features, okay.
For historical perspective, the first Windows version that had a task bar,
and if you don't know,
the task bar is that horizontal band at the bottom of the screen,
was in Windows 95 released in August 1995,
and as you can see,
it provided a convenient way to switch among open applications and open windows.
The Windows 10 taskbar is basically the same,
but it has some really nifty enhancements,
for instance, your running applications have a little,
I think it's dark blue, but I'm color blind,
so don't trust my color,
but notice that the edge icon in this screenshot has a thin line below it,
that's to denote that it's a running app.
And by default, when you hover your mouse over an app on the taskbar,
you get a little preview window and that's a live preview.
If you're running a YouTube video, you can actually,
if you want to, watch the video via that little peak thumbnail.
Another thing you can do is right-click an icon on the taskbar,
this opens what's called the jump list and the options
you see here will be context sensitive.
For instance,
I'm right-clicking Windows PowerShell here and notice that I can
open a PowerShell console as an administrator or I can open up
the graphical PowerShell editor, the ISE.
Again,
you're going to have different options based on
different applications how they're written.
If you right-click an empty area of the taskbar,
you get a whole bunch of options.
This is where you can turn on or turn off the different toolbars,
Cortana functionality, whether you see her or not,
you can adjust windows,
you can lock or unlock the taskbar which allows you to either resize it or not,
and importantly, you can get down to your taskbar specific settings, which I'll show you in our demo.